Updates for the May TFE release (#642)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/overview/activate-flex.mdx

### Create a unified HCP user account

1. Go to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io) and click **Continue with HCP account.** 

> 1. Create a free HCP account or sign in using your HCP email. If you have an existing HCP Terraform account, HCP will prompt you to [link it](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#linked-hcp-and-hcp-terraform-accounts). If you do not yet have an HCP Terraform account, HCP will create one for you and link it to the HCP account.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a free HCP account or sign in using your HCP email. If you have an existing HCP Terraform account, HCP prompts you to [link it](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#linked-hcp-and-hcp-terraform-accounts). If you do not have an HCP Terraform account, HCP creates one for you and links it to the HCP account.  
```
